* #99: Moved here the double and exactnumeric literals formatting from `virtual-schema-common-java` (#100)
exasol/virtual-schema-common-jdbc: doc/changes/changes_9.0.2.md

# Virtual Schema Common JDBC 9.0.2, released 2021-02-??

Code name:

## Bug Fixes

> * #99: Moved here the double and exactnumeric literals formatting from `virtual-schema-common-java`(https://github.com/exasol/virtual-schema-common-java)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #99: Moved to this repository the double and exactnumeric literals formatting from `virtual-schema-common-java`(https://github.com/exasol/virtual-schema-common-java)
```
